OSDOCS-6147: Updated ROSA with HCP content (#60203)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.adoc

[NOTE]
====
If you are looking for a quickstart guide for ROSA classic, see xref:../rosa_getting_started/rosa-quickstart-guide-ui.adoc#rosa-quickstart-guide-ui[{product-title} quickstart guide].
====

{hcp-title-first} offers a more efficient and reliable architecture for creating ROSA clusters. With {hcp-title}, each cluster has a dedicated control plane that is isolated in a ROSA service account.

:FeatureName: {hcp-title-first} 
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> Create {hcp-title} cluster quickly by using the default options and automatic AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) resource creation. You can deploy your cluster by using the ROSA CLI (`rosa`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a {hcp-title} cluster quickly by using the default options and automatic AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) resource creation. You can deploy your cluster by using the ROSA CLI (`rosa`).
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Since it is not possible to "upgrade" or "convert" existing ROSA clusters to a {hcp} architecture, this architecture requires a new cluster to benefit from the {hcp-title} functionality.

Reviewer: Also, this sentence seems a bit awkward - maybe something like:

"Since it is not possible to upgrade or convert existing ROSA clusters to a {hcp} architecture, you must create a new cluster to use {hcp-title} functionality."

//
//include::modules/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly-ocm.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//include::modules/rosa-sts-associating-your-aws-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> 

Reviewer: extra line here?

[id="rosa-hcp-prereqs"]
== {hcp-title} Prerequisites

> To create a {hcp-title} cluster, you must have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a {hcp-title} cluster, you must have the following items:
```

* A configured virtual private cloud (VPC)
* Account-wide roles
* An OIDC configuration
* Operator roles

[id="rosa-hcp-creating-vpc"]
=== Creating a Virtual Private Cloud for your {hcp-title} clusters

> You must have a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to create {hcp-title} cluster. There are two ways to create a VPC: 

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
You must have a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to create {hcp-title} cluster. You can use the following methods to create a VPC: 
```

> * You can create a VPC by using a Terraform template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a VPC by using a Terraform template
```

> * You manually create the VPC resources in the AWS console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manually create the VPC resources in the AWS console
```

[NOTE]
====

> The Terraform instructions are for testing and demonstration purposes. Your own installation requires some configurations for your own use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided Terraform instructions are for testing and demonstration purposes. Your own installation requires some configuration for your own use.
```

Reviewer: ^Not sure if "configuration" is OK but configurations seemed awkward.
